Well we're still on the topic of display property eventually inevitably as you're working with CSX.
You're gonna come across the opacity property as well as visibility and you're gonna see the value for
display property set or not.
So why don't we cover all these properties with these values just so we can see the difference.
Now within the annexation AML we will going to create three new divs and we're going to say there's
going to be div on the first one is going to have a class of none.
So we're going to look at the class of none and let's.
I don't know.
Right.
Also might be the name here and let's copy and paste it.
Now once we copy and paste that I would like to select both of them and let's write here.
Sorry here is gonna be equal to one so that's gonna be my class name as well as the value.
And as always you'll see why we're doing that just in a second.
And let's.
Right over here opacity is gonna be I don't know five and this is gonna be basically opacity of zero
point five and then the last one is gonna be opacity with zero.
So let me like this and now this is gonna be my opacity with you.
I also would like to have the div and you know what.
Might as well copy and paste it and let's set this up with a hidden so you know what.
No not give this a class of visibility.
So the name is also gonna be visibility but the value is going to be here.
So visibility hopefully I'm typing this correctly.
Now let me say what this is gonna be my device now for each and every div.
But again add as always some general styles let's say there is gonna have some background background
there's going gonna be below there is gonna be a little of of margin all around so I'm going to say
I don't know a little bit of margin of like let's say 10 pixels and read off the margin why don't we
add some coloring as well.
Let's write that color is gonna be white.
So what's happening right now with these properties.
Now we have the classes so I can say none.
And here I would like to start using by display.
Now this is not going to be display block the inline block or in line.
Instead we're going to set this up within.
And now let me first add all of them with opacity ease and with visibilities and then I'm gonna go over
to the actual developer tools and then we'll see kind of the differences.
So for now what we're saying is that we're the class of none and display of none we cannot see the element
and that is true.
Now what other options we're going to have.
Well we had I believe opacity This is gonna be equal to a actual opacity property and opacity properties
gonna do something very similar where this is gonna control the visibility.
Now the max value is gonna be one which is gonna be by default right away displayed.
And then we have an option of zero which is gonna make sure that the actual class does not display meaning
the element or whatever but where since we're using the class to selected the one that has the zero
it is not going to be displayed.
Now in this case obviously I need to select the proper one.
So if my class was zero notice I'm having a right away the div however we cannot see it because this
is where again we're working with these values where opacity is changing.
Now if you remember it was something very similar as we're working with the colors where we're using
the RGA value.
Remember we had color and then the last value in our GPA was the transparency or the capacity.
So the same thing is working here just with the whole div where by default all the capacities are going
to be one.
And that's why we don't need to write it and we can see it clearly like this.
However if we change it to zero which would be the minimum value then we cannot see the deal anymore.
And also I'm going to have the value of five which is gonna be zero five.
Now I'm not going to cover each and every value between 0 and 1.
Just understand that we are just using right now around values because they just make a little bit more
sense.
But if I'm gonna say zero point five the opacity the transparency of this div is gonna be like this.
So it's gonna be somewhere between the middle of totally hidden element as well as totally clear elements
because we're going to have the transparency of far.
Now if I'm gonna change this to zero point seventy four then my APS opacity goes bigger because it goes
towards one meaning I am less transparent if I'm gonna go with zero point twenty five.
Then the element is gonna be way more transparent because we're closer to 1.
So you're bouncing in between these two values 0 and 1 and whatever value you're picking in our case
zero point five then the transparency is gonna be like this.
Now last but not least we have here also the visibility and for this we had the class is the ability
and we're gonna go with visibility properly.
And notice what's happens with visibility we have an option of hearing or I can head over here.
And again we can have these hidden more visible now visible again is gonna be by default because all
the elements are going to be shown by default.
But if you would want to have hidden then we're gonna have them now maybe in order to kind of see what's
happening.
Like I said it's gonna be better if we're gonna go to developer tools just to see how everything is
working now which we're gonna head over here to inspect.
We see that there is gonna be my elements and maybe I can make this a little bit bigger then within
the body notice what's going to happen.
So we're gonna have my own display of not then I have my own positive one as well as here we're working
with opacity of zero point five.
And then I have the capacity of zero as well as I have my visibility.
Now what would be the key difference you see has we're working with display of none.
This is taken out out of the floor so we cannot even see it here.
However as I'm hovering over the opacity I see that there is an element so the element is there we just
cannot see it right now in the browser.
How will we display none.
We're taking totally out of the flow of our document.
So even though I can see it technically that it is in the entrance email I cannot hover over it.
I cannot select it.
I cannot see it more in more detail hole with opacity.
Only thing we're doing has was visibility.
We're hiding that element.
We're not taking out out of the normal flow of the document.
So those would be the key differences.
If you want to totally get rid of the element you would use display of none.
So maybe head over let's back we have the display of none.
That would totally take it out of the forward document if you would want to let's say changed the opacity
changed the transparency you would use the opacity and choose some kind of value between 0 and 1.
And if you just want to hide it you would say visibility have hidden.
So those are the properties those are the values and that is in general how we would use them.